examples: fix gzip decompression (#21818)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/start/sandboxes/gzip.rst

Envoy supports compression and decompression for both requests and responses.

> This sandbox provides an example of response compression and request decompression served over ``HTTP``. Although ``HTTPS`` is not demonstrated, compression can be used for this also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sandbox provides examples of response compression and decompression served over ``HTTP``. Although ``HTTPS`` is not demonstrated, compression can be used for this also.
```

Author: Done, thanks!

    $ curl -si -H "Accept-Encoding: gzip" localhost:10000/file.txt | grep "content-encoding"

Step 3: Test Envoy’s decompression of downstream files
******************************************************

> The sandbox is configured with one endpoint on port ``10000`` for uploading downstream files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sandbox is configured with an endpoint for uploading downstream files:
```

Author: Done, thanks!

- ``/upload``

> Use ``curl`` to get compressed file ``file.gz``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``curl`` to get the compressed file ``file.gz``
```

Author: Done, thanks!

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -s -H "Accept-Encoding: gzip" -o file.gz localhost:10000/file.json

Use ``curl`` to check that the response from uploading ``file.gz`` contains the ``decompressed-size`` header.

> You will need to add an ``content-encoding: gzip`` request header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to add the ``content-encoding: gzip`` request header.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
